winhttp.dll: WinHttpSendRequest
winhttp.dll: WinHttpOpenRequest
kernel32.dll: GetTickCount
winhttp.dll: WinHttpQueryHeaders
ntdll.dll: memset
kernel32.dll: Sleep
shlwapi.dll: StrStrA
winhttp.dll: WinHttpReceiveResponse
kernel32.dll: lstrlenA
ole32.dll: CreateStreamOnHGlobal
kernel32.dll: GetModuleFileNameW
kernel32.dll: MultiByteToWideChar
ntdll.dll: _wtoi
kernel32.dll: CreateThread
kernel32.dll: GetFileSize
winhttp.dll: WinHttpOpen
winhttp.dll: WinHttpCloseHandle
kernel32.dll: CloseHandle
kernel32.dll: lstrlenW
winhttp.dll: WinHttpConnect
user32.dll: wsprintfA
kernel32.dll: VirtualFree
winhttp.dll: WinHttpReadData
kernel32.dll: CreateFileW
ntdll.dll: memcpy
winhttp.dll: WinHttpCrackUrl
user32.dll: wsprintfW
kernel32.dll: VirtualAlloc
kernel32.dll: ReadFile
